feat: Supporting SLURM env vars for launching MAPDL configuration (#2754)
ansys/pymapdl: doc/source/user_guide/mapdl.rst

|                                       |    export PYMAPDL_MAPDL_VERSION=22.2                                |
|                                       |                                                                     |
+---------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :envvar:`PYMAPDL_ON_SLURM`            | With this environment variable set to ``FALSE``, you can avoid      |

> |                                       | PyMAPDL to detect that it is running on a SLURM HPC cluster.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                       | PyMAPDL from detecting that it is running on a SLURM HPC cluster.        |
```

+---------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :envvar:`PYMAPDL_MAX_MESSAGE_LENGTH`  | Maximum gRPC message length. If your                                |
|                                       | connection terminates when running                                  |

> |                                       | PRNSOL or NLIST, raise this. In bytes,                              |
> |                                       | defaults to 256 MB.                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                       | PRNSOL or NLIST, raise this. The default message                             |
|                                       | length in bytes is 256 MB.                                                                   |
```
